Damselfly depends on the following programs in order to function:

Linux:

Python 2.7.5 
xdotool
xprop
xwininfo
x11
Wine (tested with 1.7.0)

Windows:
Python 2.7.5 
pywin32-218 (http://sourceforge.net/projects/pywin32/)
Dragon NaturallySpeaking (tested with 12.0)
NatLink 4.1golf (http://qh.antenna.nl/unimacro/installation/installation.html)
Dragonfly 0.6.5 (http://code.google.com/p/dragonfly/)

At its core damselfly consists of a server and a client. The server is
run under Linux and does the dirty work of sending keypresses and
mouse clicks to X for the client, which is running under wine. The
client and server communicate in plaintext through a simple pair of
FIFOs.

Damselfly consists of 2 Python scripts: DamselflyServer.py and
_Damselfly.py; a config file: .damselfly.cfg, and a patch for
keyboard.py from the dragonfly package, should it be needed.

DamselflyServer.py can be installed to any directory in your path
(e.g. $HOME/bin).  It is meant to be run from the command line (Linux
python interpreter, not via Wine) with no arguments. Once executed it
will create a pair of FIFOs and wait to communicate with the client in
the NatLink directory.

_Damselfly.py is the client script. You need to manually copy it to
the NatLink directory. This directory is usually in a location such as
/home/USERNAME/WINEPREFIX/drive_c/NatLink/NatLink/MacroSystem

_Damselfly.py only has a bare-bones grammar implemented by
default. _Damselfly-example.py has a couple of grammars in it and
following its example should help you get started in customizing your
own system. DO NOT ADD MORE THAN ONE DAMSELFLY PYTHON FILE TO YOUR
MacroSystem/ DIRECTORY

Once there, it will be automatically executed when Dragon
NaturallySpeaking starts. When you create a custom grammar, or add
your own commands, they need to be added to this file, and this file
only. You cannot import this script into other Python files, or the
results will be unpredictable. This is a limitation of the current
implementation.

The location of the NatLink directory is specified in the file
.damselfly.cfg.  Edit this file and put it in your home directory.

Finally, due to a possible bug in wine
(http://bugs.winehq.org/show_bug.cgi?id=34481), you might have to
apply the patch keyboard.diff to the file keyboard.py in the dragonfly
library. This bug causes loading dragonfly to fail. If you find that
you have this bug too, I would appreciate it if you leave a comment on
the bug report confirming its presence on your platform.
